Hey, Linda, where are you?
How did you disappear so quickly?
Miss Qi, what's wrong?
Nothing, I just feel the manor is too big and got lost.
and I got lost.
Miss Qi,
it's so late tonight,
you're going out,
is there something urgent?
Linda, can I ask you
for a favor?
What favor?
I can't leave the manor now,
but I want to ask you to help me
go find a friend,
help me confirm where she is,
and what's going on?
Who is she?
Her name is Wu Tai,
she's seriously injured,
she should be in the hospital now.
This Wu Tai,
who is she to you?
She is... she was my ex-boyfriend,
I'll send you her picture now.
Okay.
Sent, please help me.
Sir, are you serious about marrying Miss Qi?  Legally, she'd inherit a substantial portion of your assets.  However,  a future separation would also involve significant risks.
Reid, there is no such risk.
We won't get divorced.